c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\bin\Debug\Iglesia.exe.config
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\bin\Debug\Iglesia.exe
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\bin\Debug\Iglesia.pdb
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.Acerca_de.resources
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.Form1.resources
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.exe
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.pdb
c:\users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.Ensayos.resources
C:\Users\lguzman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.ConsultaPers.resources
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.GestionarPersonas.resources
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.Agregar_Personas.resources
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\bin\Debug\Iglesia.accdb
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.Modificar_Personas.resources
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.Formulario.resources
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.AgregarPersonas2.resources
C:\Users\lguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Iglesia\Iglesia\obj\Debug\Iglesia.DetallePersonas2.resources
